Modify tutorials section to include direct link to Binder (#1169)
watertap-org/watertap: docs/tutorials/index.rst

The tutorials included with WaterTAP are available in the "tutorials" directory
on the WaterTAP GitHub Homepage: `<https://github.com/watertap-org/watertap/tree/main/tutorials>`_.

.. note::

>     For important details on running tutorial notebooks, refer to `this guide<https://watertap.readthedocs.io/en/stable/how_to_guides/notebooks.html#online-using-binder-org>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For important details on running tutorial notebooks, refer to :ref:`this guide<notebooks-online>`.
```

Reviewer: @adam-a-a I think the internal reference would be a better way to link to the guide, as it will ensure that the link's source remains in sync with its target. However, note that this requires the reference in `docs/how_to_guides/notebooks.rst` to be changed from `.. _noteboks-online:` to `.. _notebooks-online:` (I misspelled "notebooks" when I added that section).
